feat: use plop to generate example template (#133)
vercel/examples: README.md

</p>

Enjoy our curated collection of examples and solutions. Use these patterns to build your own robust and scalable applications.
Find our examples here: https://examples.vercel.live/ we're going to be shipping new examples weekly. Stay tuned!

## Examples

- [Edge Functions](/edge-functions) – Edge Functions are currently in Public Beta on Vercel. [Read the docs here.](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/functions/edge-functions)
- [Solutions](/solutions) – Demos, Architectures and Best Practices

> ## Adding new example
> 
> Use `npm run new-example` to generate scaffolding for new example.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Adding a new example

To quickly start contributing with a new example, run the following commands:

```bash
npm i
npm run new-example
```
